# summer2021_project: Navigate to Master Branch -> SRC -> Application to access the code files

Welcome to my game of Set. This project was to show my skills not only working with Java but also solving complicated problems and creating complex programs. The game Set is  brain game where the player must select 3 cards from the board of 9 cards if those 3 cards are a set. Each card has 4 aspects, the shape on the card, the number of shapes on the card, the color of the shapes, and the fill of the shapes. The basic rules of a set is either all 3 cards have at least one aspect thats completely different or all 3 cards have all 3 aspects completely different. If any set of 3 cards has 2 cards with the same aspect and one card with a different aspect then it is not a set. For example: I have 3 cards, the first one has a single diamond an empty fill and is red, the second card has 2 circles with a stripe fill and the color is green, and the third card has 3 squares with a solid fill and the color is purple. This here is a set, however if that thrid card had either a green color or red, a stripe fill or a empty fill, contained circles or diamonds, or only had one shape or two shapes, it would not be a set. 

This game contains a realistic playing enviornment with a working JavaFX GUI. In addition there is a 'restart game' button. 'add cards' button. and a 'instructions' button. The code for the game contains algorithms which determine the outcome of the Set as well as a multitude of helper classes in order to make the code easy to follow and neat. During the development of this game I ran into several problems including, null pointers, out of bounds errors, and runtime errors. The development took rougly 4 weeks from first stage of planning to the completion of the project. Throughout those 4 weeks I was faced with decisions to make on how to create the GUI, the algorithms to find the sets, and ways to replace the cards in the sets. The development of Set taught me how to deal with complex problems and create viable working solutions to every problem faced.
